README.md, before:

# COSC 2753 - Machine Learning

## _Assignment 1 - Patient Diabetes Prediction_

This project aims to develop a machine learning model that can predict the likelihood of a patient having diabetes based on a provided dataset. By analyzing various patient characteristics, the model can learn patterns that differentiate diabetic and non-diabetic individuals

### Project Setup Guide

This guide outlines the necessary steps to set up the project structure for managing datasets and notebooks effectively. Moreover, please notice that changes in the file location might result in libraries not importing correctly.

### Installation

Before running this notebook, ensure you have the necessary libraries installed

- #### **Get the latest version of Python**

  - Python 3.12.2: [Downloads](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

- #### **Get the packages**

```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt # Install libraries latest version
```

### Author

- [Huu Quoc Doan - s3927776](https://github.com/Mudoker)

_I declare that in submitting all work for this assessment I have read, understood and agree to the content and expectations of the Assessment declaration._

Commit message:

feat!: cover page + leon for unzipping + data loading

README.md, after:

# COSC 2753 - Machine Learning

## _Furniture Detection and Classification_

This project aims to develop a machine learning model that can detect furniture items and classify them into corresponding categories and types based on images. By analyzing various features and characteristics of furniture pieces, the model can learn patterns that differentiate between different categories such as chairs, tables, sofas, etc., and further classify them into specific types within each category.

### Project Setup Guide

This guide outlines the necessary steps to set up the project structure for managing datasets and notebooks effectively. Moreover, please notice that changes in the file location might result in libraries not importing correctly.

As the dataset is too large to be uploaded to GitHub, it is stored in a One Drive folder. Please download the dataset from the following link:

[Dataset](https://rmiteduau-my.sharepoint.com/personal/bao_nguyenthien_rmit_edu_vn/_layouts/15/onedrive.aspx?id=%2Fpersonal%2Fbao_nguyenthien_rmit_edu_vn%2FDocuments%2FFurniture_Data%2Ezip&parent=%2Fpersonal%2Fbao_nguyenthien_rmit_edu_vn%2FDocuments&ga=1)

After downloading the dataset, extract the files and place them in the `data/raw` folder

### Installation

Before running this notebook, ensure you have the necessary libraries installed.

- #### **Get the latest version of Python**

  - Python 3.12.2: [Downloads](https://www.python.org/downloads/).

- #### **Get the packages**

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt # Install the latest version of libraries
```

### Author

- [Huu Quoc Doan - s3927776](https://github.com/Mudoker)
- [Seokyung Kim - s3927776](https://github.com/Mudoker)
- [Nguyen Dinh Viet - s3927776](https://github.com/Mudoker)
- [Tran Vu Quang Anh - s3927776](https://github.com/Mudoker)

_I declare that in submitting all work for this assessment I have read, understood and agree to the content and expectations of the Assessment declaration._
